note in jenkins app doc, after jenkins upgrade (#2859)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/app-development/jenkins.md

You must have Admin privileges to perform any of the following installation procedures. This section walks you through the ways in which you can install the Jenkins plugin.

:::::note

> Beginning with Jenkins 2.357 (released on June 28, 2022) and the forthcoming 2.361.1 LTS release, Jenkins requires Java 11 or newer. Latest Sumo Logic Jenkins plugin works with jenkins version greater that 2.261.1 and java 11. To install the plugin with java 8 and older version of jenkins version use old release [(2.2.1)](https://repo.jenkins-ci.org/artifactory/releases/org/jenkins-ci/plugins/sumologic-publisher/2.2.1/sumologic-publisher-2.2.1.hpi) of Sumo Logic Plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with Jenkins 2.357 (released on June 28, 2022) and the forthcoming 2.361.1 LTS release, Jenkins requires Java 11 or newer. The latest Sumo Logic Jenkins plugin works with Jenkins versions greater than 2.261.1 and Java 11. 
To install the plugin with Java 8 and older version of Jenkins, use the old release [(2.2.1)](https://repo.jenkins-ci.org/artifactory/releases/org/jenkins-ci/plugins/sumologic-publisher/2.2.1/sumologic-publisher-2.2.1.hpi) of Sumo Logic plugin.
```
